.TH GIT_PROMPT "1" "June 2019" "git-prompt 0.2.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
git-prompt \- a cross-platform and very fast git prompt supporting colors and async-capable shells.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
git-prompt [FLAGS] [OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The git-prompt is a CLI program that focuses to integrate well with shells
without the need for extra plugins.  If you want the smoothest possible
experience, you can use it with the zsh shell, but it should work equally well
with bash as well.
.SH "FLAGS"
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Prints help information
.TP
\fB\-\-print\-updates\fR
Prints the info in several goes and as fast as possible.  Useful for building integrations with async shells
.TP
\fB\-x\fR
Prints example output
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Prints version information
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-\-branch-symbols\fR <branch_symbols>
Branch symbols to be used for the output.  The format is 'ahead|behind' [default: ↑|↓]
.TP
\fB\-\-colorscheme\fR <colorscheme>...
colorscheme to be used.  Either a preset or comma-separated byte values.  [default: simple]
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-default-branch\fR <default_branch>
default branch to use when printing diff status
[env: GIT_PROMPT_DEFAULT_BRANCH=]
[default: master]
.TP
\fB\-\-status-symbols\fR <status-symbols>
status symbols to be used for the output.  The format is
\'ok|staged|unmerged|unstaged|untracked\'
[default: ✔|●|✖|✚|…]
.SH "SEE ALSO"
See the git-prompt github repository at https://github.com/aignas/alacritty for the full documentation.
.SH "BUGS"
Found a bug? Please report it at https://github.com/aignas/git-prompt-rs/issues.
.SH "AUTHORS"
Maintainers:
.sp
.RS 4
.ie n \{\
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+03'\c
.\}
.el \{\
.sp -1
.IP \(bu 2.3
.\}
Ignas Anikevicius <anikevicius@gmail.com>
